combine integrity with authenticity and remove integrity as a separat… (#98)
trustoverip/TechArch: spec/spec.md

VIDs can be divided into two subclasses as shown in figure 9:

> 

Reviewer: Suggestion: Define "external system"

Author: I'm deferring all VID subclass related issues to a later PR as needed.

>   1. **[[xref: toip, Self-certifying identifiers]] (SCIDs)** are cryptographically bound to the original key pair used to generate the VID and subsequent key material where key rotation is supported. This means the binding between the VID and the key material can be verified purely using cryptography—without reference to any external system. SCIDs have the advantage of being highly secure (as strong as the cryptographic algorithm used), decentralized (because no external system is required), and portable.

Reviewer: maybe not for now, but if you're going to put the advantages, why not the disadvantages?

Author: Again deferring

  1. **[[xref: toip, Externally-verified identifiers]] (XVIDs)** are generated by an interaction between the VID controller's [[xref: toip, agent]] that has access to the [[xref: toip, digital wallet]] holding the cryptographic key pair and some type of external system or authority, such as a [[xref: toip, blockchain]], [[xref: toip, distributed hash table]], or [[xref: toip, certificate authority]] (CA) that is outside of the autonomous boundary of the [[xref: toip, VID controller]]. Verification of an XVID requires the [[xref: toip, verifier]] to interact with that [[xref: toip, supporting system]].

> Currently, the best-known form of VID is a [[xref: toip, decentralized identifier]] (DID) as defined by the [W3C Decentralized Identifiers (DID) V1.0 Specification] TODO-REFERENCE. In general, DIDs fulfill the requirement of Design Principle #4 ([Decentralization by Design and Default](https://trustoverip.org/permalink/Design-Principles-for-the-ToIP-Stack-V1.0-2022-11-17.pdf)). The W3C DID specification defines a generic syntax for DIDs and a standard data model for a [[xref: toip, DID document]]—the artifact obtained through [[xref: toip, DID resolution]] that contains the [[xref: toip, cryptographic keys]] and [[xref: toip, service endpoints]] bound to the DID. The syntax for a specific type of DID and the process for creating, reading, updating, or deactivating the associated DID document is defined by a [[xref: toip, DID method]]. As of mid-2024, there are almost 200 DID methods registered in the W3C DID Spec Registry, many, if not all, of which can be classified as either a SCID or an XVID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the best-known form of VID is a [[xref: toip, decentralized identifier]] (DID) as defined by the [W3C Decentralized Identifiers (DID) V1.0 Specification] `TODO-REFERENCE`. In general, DIDs fulfill the requirement of Design Principle #4 ([Decentralization by Design and Default](https://trustoverip.org/permalink/Design-Principles-for-the-ToIP-Stack-V1.0-2022-11-17.pdf)). The W3C DID specification defines a generic syntax for DIDs and a standard data model for a [[xref: toip, DID document]]—the artifact obtained through [[xref: toip, DID resolution]] that contains the [[xref: toip, cryptographic keys]] and [[xref: toip, service endpoints]] bound to the DID. The syntax for a specific type of DID and the process for creating, reading, updating, or deactivating the associated DID document is defined by a [[xref: toip, DID method]]. As of mid-2024, there are almost 200 DID methods registered in the W3C DID Spec Registry, many, if not all, of which can be classified as either a SCID or an XVID.
```
highlighting to make it easier to spot for later.

Author: There are a lot of these

> Currently, the best-known form of VID is a [[xref: toip, decentralized identifier]] (DID) as defined by the [W3C Decentralized Identifiers (DID) V1.0 Specification] TODO-REFERENCE. In general, DIDs fulfill the requirement of Design Principle #4 ([Decentralization by Design and Default](https://trustoverip.org/permalink/Design-Principles-for-the-ToIP-Stack-V1.0-2022-11-17.pdf)). The W3C DID specification defines a generic syntax for DIDs and a standard data model for a [[xref: toip, DID document]]—the artifact obtained through [[xref: toip, DID resolution]] that contains the [[xref: toip, cryptographic keys]] and [[xref: toip, service endpoints]] bound to the DID. The syntax for a specific type of DID and the process for creating, reading, updating, or deactivating the associated DID document is defined by a [[xref: toip, DID method]]. As of mid-2024, there are almost 200 DID methods registered in the W3C DID Spec Registry, many, if not all, of which can be classified as either a SCID or an XVID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the most common form of VID is a [[xref: toip, decentralized identifier]] (DID) as defined by the [W3C Decentralized Identifiers (DID) V1.0 Specification] TODO-REFERENCE. In general, DIDs fulfill the requirement of Design Principle #4 ([Decentralization by Design and Default](https://trustoverip.org/permalink/Design-Principles-for-the-ToIP-Stack-V1.0-2022-11-17.pdf)). The W3C DID specification defines a generic syntax for DIDs and a standard data model for a [[xref: toip, DID document]]—the artifact obtained through [[xref: toip, DID resolution]] that contains the [[xref: toip, cryptographic keys]] and [[xref: toip, service endpoints]] bound to the DID. The syntax for a specific type of DID and the process for creating, reading, updating, or deactivating the associated DID document is defined by a [[xref: toip, DID method]]. 
```
Sentence isn't required.
